# Problem 2: Even Fibonacci Numbers

> Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be:
>
> <p align="center">1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, ...</p>
>
> By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed four million, find the sum of the even-valued terms.

## Post-Mortem

OK! I got this one on the first go. The thing I'm happiest about with this one is it gave me an opportunity to use a newer feature of JavaScript that I hadn't had an opportunity to use before: [generators](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Generator). Generators have been hanging out on the outskirts of my awareness for awhile, but their utility didn't really "click" until working on this problem. I understand now that at least one use case is for calculating the next item in a sequence. Also, I understand that they are the secret sauce behind `async/await`. From other things I read, though, it doesn't appear that they have a huge number of use cases.

## Post-Post-Mortem

I learned A LOT more about both generators and alternative ways to calculate Fibonacci sequences by reading [this article by Eric Elliott](https://medium.com/javascript-scene/7-surprising-things-i-learned-writing-a-fibonacci-generator-4886a5c87710). In particular, it's remarkable (and humbling) that the fastest way to do this, and also perhaps the least exciting, is just to generate all of the numbers in the sequence (turns out there are only about 33) ahead of time, and put them in a lookup table. Turns out there's also a purely functional way to calculate any arbitrary number in the sequence, but it has precision problems when implemented in code.

At any rate, after reading Elliott's article, I was able to rewrite my `evenFibonacci()` function and get it down to just a few lines of code. [ESLint complained about reassigning the parameter values](https://eslint.org/docs/rules/no-param-reassign#disallow-reassignment-of-function-parameters-no-param-reassign) within the body of the function. I turned off that rule as a result, but it was interesting to learn about that.

I also enjoyed the ESLint discussion about [the "Yoda" rule](https://eslint.org/docs/2.0.0/rules/yoda). I learned a while back that you should always put literal values on the left-hand side of equality comparisons to protect yourself against accidentally having too few equal signs and doing assignment instead of comparison. Turns out that (surprise, surprise) there's a vigorous debate about whether or not that's necessary or desirable anymore.
